The `1.0.0.0` interface is going to be as simple as possible and still function as a migrator.

The simplest thing would be an excutable that auto-setup and only had `apply`.

```bash
$ trek apply DIRPATH
{ "created_at" : "2020-01-01T22:31:04"
, "migrations" :
    [ { "name"    : "foo"
      , "version" : "2019-01-01T22:31:04"
      , "hash"    : "xofdshagnosfdasngs"
      }
    , { "name"    : "bar"
      , "version" : "2019-02-01T22:31:04"
      , "hash"    : "barbar"
      }
    ]
}
```

`apply` will satisfy the following properties:
- `apply DIRPATH` where `DIRPATH` is missing any `*.sql` files returns a exit code of `1`.
- `apply DIRPATH` where `DIRPATH` has more than 0 `*.sql` files `apply` will execute the non-applied queries
  together in a single transaction in a `SERIALIZABLE` transaction.
- If any of the sql files fail the transaction will be aborted and `trek` will return an exit code of `2`.

I don't want to specify that json formatting of the output. I just want to say that it is parseable json. Then I can chanage the format at will and anyone who does not fear this warning can kick rocks.

I will need a `fromJSON :: Value -> Result MigrationRecord` for testing.

The `apply` returns a JSON list of migrations entries if the exit code is 0 as seen in the example above.

The `*.sql` files in `DIRPATH` should follow the pattern:

```
NAME-VERSION.sql
```

Any sql files that cannot be parsed as nonempty text followed by a `-` and then an ISO8061 time will cause `trek` to return `3`

`trek` will also have the `create` function that uses current date time to make a sql file in the proper format.

```bash
$ trek create NAME
```

will make a `NAME-VERSION.sql` in the current directory or path pointed at by `NAME`.

`create` will return a exit code of `1` if the file creation fails for any reason.

I think that is it.
